Note about INSTANTIATE_TEST_SUITE_P / INSTANTIATE_TEST_CASE_P (#2193)
google/googletest: googletest/docs/advanced.md

For more details, see the comments at the definitions of these functions.

> NOTE: The `INSTANTIATE_TEST_SUITE_P` keyword is only valid since 1.8.1. For previous releases the keyword is `INSTANTIATE_TEST_CASE_P`. More generally, please refer to the documentation matching your release version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The `INSTANTIATE_TEST_SUITE_P` keyword is recommended (addressing http://go/gh/google/googletest/issues/1085)  For 1.8.1 and previous releases the keyword is `INSTANTIATE_TEST_CASE_P`. which has been deprecated in favor of INSTANTIATE_TEST_SUITE_P.
```
